GBJ
---
Mr. Joseph Irabor is an outstanding and admirable mentor to me. He has a knack for encouraging me, yet at the same time challenging me enough to push me out of my comfort zone. 





I have always enjoyed and still enjoy the time I spend with him, whether its a lecture or even just a normal conversation. Every interaction with Mr Irabor is always a favourable and valuable one. Overall, he is an extra-ordinary person, with a vast amount of knowledge and an incredible heart/attitude towards life and the people around him, and anyone will be lucky to have him as a mentor/teacher.

When I first met Mr Irabor Joseph, I was at the early stage of deciding a career path for my life in the computing feild and I was still very much confused and not clear on the path to choose. Mr Irabor introduced me to all there was to know about the different computing fields and helped me to realize and choose the one I had the most passion for. After a few months of learning and being mentored under Mr Irabor, I was able to confidently choose a career path for myself and grow in it.

TUNMI
------
Mr. Irabor Joseph is an amazing and honorable tutor, who teaches with enthusiasm and he is always ready to help and share his knowledge. He encourages me to practice more and worry less, this principle has greatly improved my confidence in programming and in my daily life. 

Apart from pursuing a bachelor's degree in Pharmacy, I also found interest in programming, and now that I am happily learning programming and web development. I am confident I will build my own website and become a front-end developer. All thanks to Mr. Irabor Joseph


While pursuing a bachelor's degree in pharmacy, I also found an interest in programming and am currently learning programming and web development. I am confident that I will be able to build my own website and become a front-end developer.
Thanks to Mr. Irabor Joseph

SAMUEL
------
Mr.Irabor Joseph taught me how to code.The first language I learnt was HTML/CSS, those were the first computer languages I learnt and when he was teaching me I understood what I was doing and when I got stuck he explained it with simplicity. He kept telling me if I wanted to get better all I had to do was to practice and that helped me a lot then I moved to Canada when I got here he is still very helpful and gives me advice when I’m stuck and keeps encouraging me to do my best he not just a teacher he is a friend too and always there when you need him and he’s the best teacher I’ve ever had.


Mr.Irabor Joseph taught me how to code in HTML/CSS as my first computer languages, and when he taught me, I understood what I was doing and he explained it to me simply when I got stuck.
He kept in touch with me after I moved to Canada, encouraging me to do my best.
He is not just a teacher,  he is a friend too and the best teacher I’ve ever had.